{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Who is the main user of Facebook? \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 -People age 15-22, business owners
\b0 \
\
What are the top 3 critical goals for that user? \

\b -Quickly gain access to news from sources they follow.
\b0 \

\b -See what their friends are doing.
\b0 \

\b -Share photos and status updates to get attention in order to fill the holes in their souls.
\b0 \
\
What is the site's approximate information architecture? (in general -- don't get caught up in the details too much) \

\b News feed home page, multiple links alongside vertical nav bar that lead to different sections of the site dedicated to various sharing sections, ie. images, pages, etc. \'a0Photo albums. \'a0Private messaging app.
\b0 \
\
For your top user goal, what is likely to make the user's experience particularly satisfying? \

\b Automatic reloading of news feed for new content, like feature, ability to quickly and intuitively post photos, syncing of facebook with other related apps such as instagram.
\b0 \
\
To accomplish this goal, how does the user flow through the site's architecture? (ie. which pages are visited and what are clicked?) \

\b Main scrolling feed slightly left of center, open messages along bottom of screen. \'a0Notifications easy to read along top, with red against blue background. \'a0Continually scrolling newsfeed, expensive nav bar at left with multiple controls as a sort of control board.
\b0 \
\
What style(s) of navigation is/are used? Do they answer the key questions (Where am I and how did I get here? Where should I go next and how do I get there?)? \

\b Side vertical navigational bar. \'a0Automatically leads to news feed. \'a0Flow of posts is fairly intuitive with \'93share\'94, \'93like\'94, and \'93comment\'94 buttons underneath each post.
\b0 \
\
What does Facebook do well to allow the user to accomplish the top goal effectively, efficiently and with good satisfaction? \

\b Automatically refreshes news feed. \'a0Allows customization of nav bar, allows intuitive sharing and interactive capabilities. \'a0\'a0
\b0 \
\
What does Facebook do poorly when allowing the user to accomplish the top goal effectively, efficiently and with good satisfaction? \

\b Nav bar is very busy,\'a0with potentially too many options. \'a0I, for example, rarely use most of the options listed on my nav bar. \'a0Could confuse/overwhelm users.
\b0 \
}